README.md, before:

![SST](http://sst-simulator.org/img/sst-logo-small.png)

# Structural Simulation Toolkit (SST)

#### Copyright (c) 2009-2018, Sandia Corporation

---

The Structural Simulation Toolkit (SST) was developed to explore innovations in highly concurrent systems where the ISA, microarchitecture, and memory interact with the programming model and communications system. The package provides two novel capabilities. The first is a fully modular design that enables extensive exploration of an individual system parameter without the need for intrusive changes to the simulator. The second is a parallel simulation environment based on MPI. This provides a high level of performance and the ability to look at large systems. The framework has been successfully used to model concepts ranging from processing in memory to conventional processors connected by conventional network interfaces and running MPI.

---

Visit [sst-simulator.org](http://sst-simulator.org) to learn more about SST.

See [Contributing](https://github.com/sstsimulator/sst-core/blob/devel/CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute to SST.

##### [LICENSE](https://github.com/sstsimulator/sst-core/blob/devel/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Change corporation name from Sandia Corporation to NTESS

README.md, after:

![SST](http://sst-simulator.org/img/sst-logo-small.png)

# Structural Simulation Toolkit (SST)

#### Copyright (c) 2009-2018, National Technology and Engineering Solutions of Sandia, LLC (NTESS)

---

The Structural Simulation Toolkit (SST) was developed to explore innovations in highly concurrent systems where the ISA, microarchitecture, and memory interact with the programming model and communications system. The package provides two novel capabilities. The first is a fully modular design that enables extensive exploration of an individual system parameter without the need for intrusive changes to the simulator. The second is a parallel simulation environment based on MPI. This provides a high level of performance and the ability to look at large systems. The framework has been successfully used to model concepts ranging from processing in memory to conventional processors connected by conventional network interfaces and running MPI.

---

Visit [sst-simulator.org](http://sst-simulator.org) to learn more about SST.

See [Contributing](https://github.com/sstsimulator/sst-core/blob/devel/CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute to SST.

##### [LICENSE](https://github.com/sstsimulator/sst-core/blob/devel/LICENSE)
